top top top top top
oh hi hello babyko
Dimona you have not seen he accidentally saw
only 100 said goodbye to me
ok tell me then take a walk
with his new friend with keysik rode
why hello i am ready to introduce you to
their new exclusive friend light
great dimon nothing yourself something for
device what kind of skeptic does he have
four wheels i can ride it and
right and left here and there I can and there
I can ride one foot with the other foot
beer disasters such a feather do it and
jump and turn around and here are
and turns this way and that's how all
look dvd and dimon how cool
I wish I could learn how to ride it
teach me dimon sure sit down what
do mu
from and push off the wheel and go then
she is
dimon will be dimon very fun very
interesting but I have wheels and me
you can already drive yourself and you have
legs
that's why you're doing so good with this.
thing on wheels
I'm glad you got wheels too
dimonn and i'm glad we have such fun
perky friends like my girlfriend lal
my friend skeptic and my friend are not separated
super-friend of David's great dimon I
glad that we are friends well go further
Ride drove and even the girl I want
be able to ride Dima let's teach Lole
also she wants to ride critics too
ride
Dimona that we will Lulu
so be it
come here brazenly and go ahead do not be afraid
Julia be careful what happened do not be afraid not
fear become again athletes not
afraid to fall here's great to go to
we take a ride Danube